 “I love you.” It spills out of me. “I do, tiger.”

Confusion crosses his face. “Because I told you that?”

“Because of how strong you are in all the right ways. Excluding the muscles. Strong, sweet, gentle when you need to be. Terrible in the kitchen or not, I don’t want to lose you. I don’t want to see you with anyone else. I want to be the one to know everything about you and to love you even more because of it.”

He kisses me softly and holds my face in his big hands. “You told me in your sleep a while ago. I love you too.”

I pepper him with questions, trying to think of everything I don’t know about him. He tells me how long he’s wanted to have a dog, how he really wants a stable job so he can have some of his own. He tells me he hasn’t lived with a roommate or anyone around since he left his house. He volunteers a story for every answer.

By the time we get home, I’ve forgotten all about the plan to avoid hits because I’m lost in Konstantin. The second we’re inside, he pats Charlie and Nolan, kisses me, and pulls Gio to the side. I sit with Max in the backyard. He adjusts his sunglasses and sighs.

“Ready for all the excitement of starting a business?”

“Does that mean you’re going to help me?” I ask, excitement building in me. “Oh, I’m doing more than that. In about five minutes you’re going to have your first artist show up.”

I stare at Max. “What?”

“Don’t tell me you don’t want to see Patricia.”

I hug him, nearly tackling him out of the lounge chair he’s in. He catches me and gives me a long, decadent kiss. It feels too sweet to be real. He strokes down my back. “I’m willing to do triple this for you, doll. Business, personal, I want to make sure you achieve all your goals.”

My eyes go misty. I know I’ve been extra emotional lately, but these men are shining. I stroke Max’s face. “You’re going to spoil me rotten.”

“Someone has to. We both know the kid won’t.”

I laugh and kiss him again. “You’re one of a kind, Max.”

“Yeah yeah. I love you too.” He picks me up.

Two confessions in one day? I just blink at him. He winks at me. “I’m not afraid to say it. I beat up your father, was willing to kill a man for you, and I’d be happy to retire and lavish you with affection constantly and consider that being ‘useful’ if I get to see you smile.”

I melt. The words don’t roll off my tongue right away. I stumble over them twice. “I love you, Max.”

He rubs my cheek. “I know you do. You show it plenty.”

I check his wound right after that, make him clean it, then I’m distracted by my best friend. She eyes my three men hungrily. “Ugh, I’m so jealous, Juliana. Snapping up men and not leaving me with any leftovers.”

“I know.” I pet Charlie. “But this meeting is all about you.”

She leans her head to the side, completely confused. “Me? I thought it was aboutus.”

I lay out the plan, give her my offer, and let her know what she’d be in for. She bounces with joy. “I’d be able to leave the call center?”

“Absolutely. I want you out of that hell hole and living your best life.”

She hugs me tightly. “There wasn’t even any sarcasm there!”

“I guess these three men have helped me tame my tongue,” I tease.

We have some drinks, she plays with Charlie and Nolan, and then starts sketching. I know I’ve lost her. Max comes out and actually asks her for some advice. They talk art and I excuse myself.

Max catches my skirt and kisses the back of my hand. I caress his cheek. I trust him and I trust Patricia. I know that neither one of them will flirt or take it further. It’s a huge weight off my mind. I don’t have to worry about any of my men leaving me to scratch an itch, being bought off by my father, or bullied into leaving me.

It’s just the four of us in this relationship. Konstantin snares my waist and kisses my temple. “I think of more stories for you later. I’m taking care of the hit. Gio did it from his side, now I’m getting the muscle.”

With that he heads out. Gio is left, standing in the kitchen, looking at something on his computer. His serious face is hot, but when he lifts his eyes to look at me, his whole face softens and warms.

Forever with these guys seems worth all the intensity, pain, and loss I’ve dealt with in these last few weeks. Gio offers me his hand and I don’t hesitate before taking it. I’m convinced I’d do just about anything for them. Especially give them my heart.
 I head to the guest room and attempt to get some sleep. Even an hour will help after the broken sleep of last night. I’d been counting the ways it could go wrong. I’d been afraid that this would go sideways and I’d end up like my father. Dying uselessly and losing the person most important to me.

But now that Juliana is safe – for now at least – I might be able to get some sleep.

I cross my fingers, then flop into bed. I’m out in seconds.

I wake up to high-pitched barking and look around. I’ve drooled on the pillow and can’t remember even falling asleep. Groaning, I get up and find Konstantin and Juliana in better spirits on the couch. They give each other sly looks like teenagers that got away with being naughty.

“Your father is dense,” Max growls.

“You should know more than most.” She grumbles. “He didn’t want to listen.”

“He said ‘boys will be boys’ and assured me that you wouldn’t go public with what you know and neither would the women filing the reports.”

“An optimist in all the wrong ways,” I say.

“Enjoy your nap?” Juliana asks genuinely.

I nod. “I needed it.”

“Our plan fell through with that, so I’m not sure how to address John Booker. How did things go with the hitwoman?”

“Resolved.” Kon pats Juliana’s thigh. “Juliana bluffed better than any poker player I’ve seen.”

She lights up under the compliment. I smile and rub her shoulder. “I’m pretty sure that the woman won’t stop running until she hits Mexico.”

“That’s good.” Max sits in the recliner.

As soon as he stretches out, Juliana gets up and sits on his lap. She rubs his chest. “Do you need a nap too?”

“Possibly. I’m not as young as I once was.” He admits. “And I feel useless compared to your success.”

“You’re not useless, Max,” Juliana reassures him. “I’m sure that my father heard you, even if he brushed it off.”

“We can hope. I don’t know why your word isn’t good enough. You have a good head on your shoulders,” He says.

He’s not flirting which means something is definitely wrong.

I arch an eyebrow. “Anything else?”

“I let him know that we were going to try and make Monday, but there was no guarantee. I tried to help, doll.”

“Oh?” She waits for the rest.

“I told him that you had the right to mourn however you saw fit. That if you wanted to meet with him, you’d reach out, but that grief is personal. He might have said that you got in my head and reminded me that I have no business with you.”

“Great.”

“And I may have helpfully reminded him that you’re old enough to make your own choices in your personal life and otherwise.”

“Max.” She sighs.

“He had security walk me out.”

“Well, one mess solved, another started.” I shrug. “Seems normal if Uncle Tony’s involved.”

“We talked about that.” Juliana points at me. “No more of that.”

I smirk. “Sorry, babe. It’s a habit.”
 “Doesn’t matter if they’re happy. They work hard to help me, the least I can do is make sure they get to enjoy some moments.”

I rub her arms and kiss her shoulder. “You’re shockingly sweet, Juls.”

“Shockingly?”

“You know what people say at events when you’re not paying attention?”

“That I’m a spoiled brat? A rich bitch that’s out of touch with reality? That I’m a money-hungry slut who fills her boredom with one-night stands.”

I blink at her. She shrugs. “I pay attention plenty. ‘Bitch’ is what I normally hear, but plenty of people say that about a woman who’s ambitious and doesn’t tolerate flirting or less than she deserves.”

“True.”

“What do you think, Gio?”

“I think that if I was given the wrong food at a restaurant, I’d trust you to tell the waitress or waiter that it’s wrong without being rude and ensuring it actually gets done.” I decide.

Juliana laughs. We spend most of the day talking, part of it kissing, then she insists on cooking while I pick out the movie for tonight. I go through my list of ‘must-see’ movies and find out she’s short on two of them.

I put a movie on and we eat together, cuddle up, and I answer her million questions through the first movie, before shaking my head within the first five minutes of the second one. I sigh. “You know, I may have to switch sides.”

“What?”

I grab a pillow and put it over her face. “I’m the hitman now. I can’t take you talking through another movie.”

She squeals against the pillow and Charlie runs to her rescue licking her face, but Nolan just looks up, huffs, and rests his little chin on my foot. It distracts me enough that Juliana is able to toss the pillow to the side.

Following my gaze, she ‘awes’. “Nolan’s so prickly too. You’re the chosen one.”

“Am I? I thought they loved Konstantin.”

“Charlie loves Kon. No question there. If he and I were both dying, I’m half convinced Charlie would save Kon. But Nolan is more reserved. Him laying on your foot is huge!”

“That’s huge?” I ask, wiggling a toe and seeing Nolan just tolerate it. In fact, he rubs his chin against my toe. “Huh.”

“To give you sass or to behave?”

“You know how to behave?” I gasp playfully.

She shoves me. “What’s gotten into you today?”

I grin and pull her closer, kissing her softly. “I’m not allowed to be happy?”

“Happy I like, but all this sass. You’re cutting into my market.”

I enjoy spending the night with Juliana. No talk about the problems. No talk about work. Just us, being together. I pet her dogs with her and I am impressed and horrified by the amount of hair that comes out of that. I point from Nolan to the giant ball of fluff.

“I could make another you with all this fluff.”

Nolan sneezes which makes Juliana laugh. Once we get in bed together, I rub her back, stroke her, and make sure she falls asleep peacefully. Once she’s out – and non-responsive to her name – I get up to do rounds.

I check the security feed, and verify that there’s no one there. I make sure that the alarm is set up and that there’s no chance of anyone getting into the house or even on the property without me knowing. I check a few more things and get a call from Uncle Tony.

“Gio, how are things?”

“Good. Juliana is actually getting some sleep. It’s progress,” I say simply.

“That’s wonderful. I would like to request her presence next Monday. I’ve cleared all my meetings.”
 The next few days are a lot. Luckily, there’s not much in terms of threats, but apparently, Juliana’s life doesn’t ever calm down. We move her back into her apartment and she lights up. She throws herself into setting up her business while Max, Konstantin, and I balance spending time with Juliana and our work.

But then the funeral happens. We all attend with Juliana. She shakes a little as we watch her father being lowered in the ground and she sniffs, but not one tear leaves her eyes. People give her their apologies and their sympathy.

I notice that Juliana accepts everything gracefully, but doesn’t want to stay for the ‘celebration’. When one of her father’s friends tries to push her into it, it isn’t Konstantin that steps in. It’s not Max. It’s me.

I glower at him. “I don’t think Juliana needs a room full of people to help her cope with things. She’s an adult and she can choose how to handle this on her own. Accept the no.”

He opens his mouth to say something, but Juliana steps up with me, gently stroking down my arm. “I trust that everyone going will enjoy remembering the best in my father. He’d like that. Unfortunately, I have things to take care of to ensure his legacy is remembered.”

He takes that and walks away. When I turn, I see Konstantin giving his scariest face. I’m sure it didn’t hurt, even though he has Charlie in one arm. I chuckle. “That’s a good look on you, Kon.”

He glances down at Charlie and the little dog’s tail wags noticeably. When we leave, I’m sure more than one person notices that the three of us head out with Juliana. I don’t care. Let them gossip. It’s Juliana that’s important.

“I’ll take care of the lawyer, doll,” Max assures her. “You go home and rest.”

“Thank you, handsome.”

Konstantin reaches back from the front seat and rubs her knee. “I’ll get your favorite Indian food and dessert from that chocolate shop you like.”

She nods. “Thank you.”

The guys drop us off at Juliana’s apartment and I go up with her. She releases the dogs from their leashes and lies on the couch, just staring at the ceiling. I sit on the floor beside her. Pulling her hand to my heart, I just put her palm against my chest.

I’m not sure what to do for her. I can’t take away the pain she’s feeling. I would give anything to do exactly that, but it’s just not possible. Juliana rolls towards me and sighs. “I can’t be there with the others. I’m not mourning.”

Surprised, I glance over at her.

She swallows. “It’s awful. I know. But I’m not. I feel free. My dad will always be a source of regret. I could have done so much differently and we didn’t have the relationship either of us wanted, but I’m here and alive. I can’t forget that.”

I nod to her. She kisses my cheek softly. “How are you doing?”

“It’s weird that he’s gone. I keep waiting for him to call me into his office or tell me to seduce you and get you to settle down. I’m afraid of taking over the company, even though that’s what he wanted. I feel kind of lost.”

Juliana sits up, then pats the couch. We end up spooning there, but she’s the big spoon. She kisses my neck. “I’m in your corner, Gio. Max and Konstantin are too. We’re in this together.”

“Even now?”

“Hopefully for a long time. I love you and I don’t plan on leaving you. I hope you don’t leave me.”

I roll, nearly falling off the couch, and face her. “Say that again?”

“I’m the big bad dragon that fell for prince charming. I love you.” She says before biting her lip. “Not as a friend.”

I smile and draw her closer to me, kissing her softly, then her forehead, then all I can do is hug her. “I love you, babe.”

She sighs. “Nap with me?”

“Just try and pry me off you.”

Juliana falls asleep quickly, but I just lay there. I feel like I’m glowing like a lightning bug. Having the literal girl of my dreams tell me she loves me, it’s better than anything I’ve ever dreamed of.

I ride the high of that until Konstantin gets back with Max. They chat about business things until they see me wrapped around Juliana, half asleep.

Max shakes his head. “Look at them. All tuckered out.”
 “My emotions are all kinds of complicated. Counseling is helping me unravel them, but the truth is, other than being free, I don’t know how I feel. When something reminds me of the good side of my dad, I get upset, but all I have to do is catch a look at my back in the mirror and ...”

I pull her close to me. “It’s not easy.”

She nods.

“Remember what you told me about grief?”

Her gorgeous blue eyes turn up to me. “We process things, but we can take the good lessons we learned and gain something from the loss.”

She snuggles close. “I get you, Kon, and Max.”

“You said that before he was gone.”

“I have the courage to tell you all that I love you. I don’t have to hold back those emotions anymore because I’m afraid my dad will shove you away or buy you or bully you.”

“Anything else?”

“I’m twice as ambitious. I don’t have a fallback. I’m doing what I want to do and I’m going to take the business world by storm my way.”

I grin and kiss her passionately. “Now you can take my pants off.”

She laughs and we fool around a little, but don’t have sex until early in the morning. I’m convinced it’s the best way to wake up with Juliana. Once we finish, we tease each other in the shower, and then I have to go deal with my part of the will – taking over the company.

The whole thing feels surreal. I can’t believe I’m taking over a multimillion-dollar company, and getting millions in the shares of the company that Uncle Tony owned. It’s overwhelming.

But when I get back to Juliana’s, since I basically feel like I live there, I find a surprise. Konstantin, Max, and Juliana pop confetti guns and congratulate me on being the boss. The guys cheer me on, Max offers to show me the ropes if I need it, and Konstantin promises the support of the Volkovs.

Somehow, I’ve gone from someone who barely has any family to having more than I could want. I don’t know what to do with all this. Juliana kisses the corner of my mouth. “You deserve this, Gio. All your hard work is paying off.”

“I love you,” I say.

She hugs me tightly. “I love you too.”

As we eat cake, talk about the future, and don’t discuss hitmen, Juliana’s father, or anything of the past, I start to think about what else the future could hold for us. Could we really make this work?

But all it takes is Juliana laughing and flashing that loving smile at me that softens her whole face. I know that we’ll find a way. None of this has been a coincidence. There’s no way. Uncle Tony could have hired other people – professionals. Max could have been killed. Juliana could have taken a page from her father’s book and bullied her way out of the situation.

All of the maybes and possibilities and yet we’re here. Us three men in love with the most amazing person in the world and capable of being around each other without jealousy or competition. We’re just happy.

This is fate. It has to be.

“What are you thinking about down there, love?” Julia asks me.

“You. Us.” I motion to Kon and Max. “The fact that we are going to make this work.”

“It’s just going to get better with time,” Max agrees.

Konstantin raises his glass. “To a long and happy future for us.”

“Without half the danger.” Juliana raises hers.

We cheers and drink, but I have this feeling deep in my gut, that the only problems in our future are the petty kind. Normal fights and bickering. We’ve worked hard and our future together is our reward.

No more pretending. Just us living our best lives possible.
 Smiling, I let my boyfriend’s cuddles, his heartbeat, and even his slowed breathing sweep me off to a blissfully dreamless sleep.

13

GIO

In the morning, I wake up in Juliana’s arms. She’s so deep in sleep, that even when I get up, she doesn’t move. I find Konstantin walking out of the guest room. He looks at his phone and groans. “The Volkovs need me.”

“Go on,” I encourage him.

“I’ll be back before the end of the day,” He assures me. “And I’ll take watch tonight.”

I wave to him. Max rolls out of bed and sighs. “You okay, kid?”

“Yeah.”

Max continues to watch me. “Don’t make me ask in a dad voice.”

I roll my eyes but feel a little pang of something along my nerves. Not anger or hurt. It’s something I don’t recognize. I kind of appreciate Max prying, even if I don’t love it.

“Life doesn’t get any easier as we get older, does it?”

“Is this another age joke?” Max goes to the kitchen and puts the coffee on. He finally faces me. “I thought I had everything figured out in the army. But getting back, I realized I didn’t know a damn thing.”

I nod.

“The only people who think life is easy are the people not paying attention, Gio. For the rest of us ... all we can do is make each moment matter before it slips away. Don’t live to work. Work to live.”

“Wise advice, old man.” I crack a smile. “Very dad-like.”

“I’ve been practicing just for you.” He pats my shoulder. “Unfortunately, I do have some business things to see to. Can you handle today with the goons outside?”

“Yeah.”

“Have a beer by lunch. It makes the rest of the day better.” He winks at me, grabs his coffee, then goes about his morning routine before heading out as well.

I start to get through a shower but hear the door open. I peek out and see Juliana brushing her teeth. I motion to the shower. “I believe the bathroom is taken, babe.”

She looks at me, rinses her mouth, then strips, climbing into the shower with me. “So I should go?”

Fuck no. Just looking at her makes me hard. Last night helped clear my mind and now that she’s right here, gorgeous curves on display, hopeful look in her eyes, water tracing down between her breasts, along her flat belly, and to her pussy ...

“I didn’t say that.”

She wraps her arms around me with a little bounce and kisses me as our bodies press together. I groan and slide my hands down to her ass. “Did you want to talk more? I think I did all the telling last night.”

“Let’s break up those conversations.” She suggests.

“Do you want to get breakfast or ...”

Juliana slowly drops to her knees, taking the opportunity to kiss down my body. She bites my thigh and I gasp, spreading my legs and shooting her a glare. “That’s a little too close to the goods, babe.”

She apologizes with a gentle kiss before licking up my length to the tip. “Do you mind being my breakfast today, Gio?”

I shake my head slowly. “I think we’ll have to follow your breakfast with a thorough workout though.”

She grins and kisses the very tip of my cock. “I’m not going to complain about that.”

Before I can say another word, her lips part and she slides her mouth down my length. I hiss between my teeth as she takes me all the way to the base. Her throat tightens around me, but her eyes never leave mine.
